You may threaten me, chain me up, imprison me, or exile me. But I remind you that not even Zeus could take away my power to choose my attitude.  
Man conquers the world by conquering himself.  
Why should we pay so much attention to what the majority thinks?  
Some things are up to us and some are not.  
Nothing, in my view, is a better test of a well-ordered mind than a man's ability to stop right where he is and spend some time in his own company.  
The tranquility that comes when you stop worrying about what others say.  
No one has the power to have everything they desire, but it is within their hands not to want what they do not have, and to use enthusiastically what they do have.  
When the sun rises in the morning, I will remember that I will encounter someone obnoxious, someone ungrateful, someone insolent, a liar, an envious person, a selfish individual. All these vices have befallen them through ignorance of what is good and what is bad. But I, having observed that the nature of good is what is beautiful, and that of evil is what is mean, and that the very condition of the one who makes a mistake is such that they are still one of my own, sharing the potential of reason and being a divine part of the whole in the natural order and that, moreover, nothing they do can affect me, for no one can defile me with their baseness. Therefore, I could not be angry with my neighbor nor hate them, for we are born to work together, like the feet, hands, eyelids, and the two rows of teeth—upper and lower. To act as adversaries to one another is against the natural order. And, is not anger and rejection a form of meanness?  
One who is afraid of death will not do things worthy of being alive.  
It's time you realize that you have something more powerful and miraculous than the things that affect you and make you dance like a puppet.  
It is not the man who has too little, but the man who craves more, that is poor.  
Appearances in the mind are of four kinds. Things are either what they seem to be; or they are not, and do not seem to be; or they are, and do not seem to be; or they are not, and yet they seem to be. Correctly aiming in all these cases is the task of the wise.  
You are a small soul carrying a corpse.  
Men are not afraid of things, but of how they view them.  
Philosophizing is this: examining and refining criteria.  
When you have to judge, try to forget the litigants and remember only the cause.  
If you want to improve, be content to be thought foolish and stupid.  
And how do you expect to love if you do not know what is right and what is wrong?  
First learn the meaning of what you say and then speak.  
Join what is spiritually superior, regardless of what other people think or do. Keep your true aspirations no matter what is happening around you.  
Like the sun, which does not wait for prayers and incantations to rise, but shines forth and is welcomed by all: so you too should not wait for applause and shouts and praises to fulfill your duty; no, do good of your own will, and you will be loved like the sun.  
Truth triumphs by itself, falsehood always needs complicity.  
Nature has given men one tongue and two ears, that we might hear from others twice as much as we speak.  
Prudence is the highest of all goods.  
If you achieve something through hard work, the outcome might not last long, but the good endures. If you do something shameful in pursuit of pleasure, the pleasure passes quickly, but the shame remains.  
Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. What we see is a perspective, not the truth.  
You have power over your mind, not external events. Realize this, and you will find strength.  
Where there is a human being, there is an opportunity for kindness.  
We often suffer more in imagination than in reality.  
It is not that we have a little time, but that we lose a lot.  
Seize this moment. Immerse yourself in its details. Respond to this person, this challenge, this action. Leave the evasions behind.  
If it's not right, don't do it; if it's not true, don't say it.  
A mind that is anxious about future events is miserable.  
Choose not to be harmed—and you won't feel harmed. Don't feel hurt—and you haven't been.  
The first rule is to keep an undisturbed spirit. The second is to look things in the face and know them for what they are.  
Loss is nothing else but change, and change is nature's delight.  
A gem cannot be polished without friction