  Accept whatever comes to you woven in the pattern of your destiny, for what could more aptly fit your needs?
  Loss is nothing else but change, and change is Nature's delight.
  You have power over your mind, not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.
  The best revenge is not to be like your enemy.
  It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters.
  If it is endurable, then endure it. Stop complaining.
  Don’t seek for everything to happen as you wish it would, but rather wish that everything happens as it actually will—then your life will flow well.
  Choose not to be harmed—and you won’t feel harmed. Don’t feel harmed—and you haven’t been.
  To bear trials with a calm mind robs misfortune of its strength and burden.
  No man is crushed by misfortune unless he has first been deceived by prosperity.
  Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labor does the body.
  The art of living is more like wrestling than dancing.
  He who fears death will never do anything worth of a man who is alive.
  Only time can heal what reason cannot.
  When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves.
  We suffer more often in imagination than in reality.
  What upsets people is not things themselves but their judgments about the things.
  A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials.
  Begin at once to live, and count each separate day as a separate life.
  Sometimes even to live is an act of courage.
  Happiness is not the fulfillment of what you wish for, but the realization of how much you already have.
  True happiness is to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future.
  Freedom is the only worthy goal in life. It is won by disregarding things that lie beyond our control.
  Seek not the good in external things; seek it in yourselves.
  He who is brave is free.
  Happiness and freedom begin with a clear understanding of one principle: Some things are within our control, and some things are not.
  It does not matter what you bear, but how you bear it.
  Fate leads the willing and drags along the reluctant.
  External things are not the problem. It’s your assessment of them. Which you can erase right now.
  If you want to improve, be content to be thought foolish and stupid.
  Man is disturbed not by things, but by the views he takes of them.
  Our life is what our thoughts make it.
  The greatest blessings of mankind are within us and within our reach.
  To live a good life: We have the potential for it. If we learn to be indifferent to what makes no difference.
  The whole future lies in uncertainty: live immediately.
  Life is very short and anxious for those who forget the past, neglect the present, and fear the future.
  Prosperity is no just scale; adversity is the only balance to weigh friends.
  Do not seek to have events happen as you want them to, but instead want them to happen as they do happen, and your life will go well.
  To be calm when you've found something going on in your life—it’s not an accident, it’s the law of nature.
  Assume the character of a man and be cheerful in all that happens, embracing what is given to you.
  Solitude, when embraced, is a resting place where one can grow stronger.
  There is no failure except in no longer trying.
  He who fears solitude is never alone; his fears are with him.
  Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.
  In your solitude, remember that you are in the company of yourself, the most essential of friends.
  No wind is favorable to the sailor who does not know to which port he is heading.
  Face your solitude with courage; it can teach you much about yourself.
  Sometimes it is necessary to retreat from the world to find inner peace.
  There is no defeat in the soul that keeps on fighting.
  Learn to be at home with yourself, and you will never be alone.
  Mistakes are the portals of discovery.
  Solitude is a companion that teaches you to be strong without witnesses.
  What hurts us educates us.
  Serenity comes when you trade your expectations for acceptance.
  True solitude is being without oneself; everything else is just isolation.
  In every failure, there is a lesson that prepares you for your next success.
  Every adversity carries with it the seed of an equivalent benefit.
  Learn to be your own friend and you will never be lonely.
  Failure is the foundation of success.
  Solitude is not the absence of company, but the moment when our soul is free to speak to us.